Introduction
In this section will be described tools for manipulating objects in Object Mode. All editing tools can be found in Object menu and/or in Tool Shelf.

Delete
Reference

Mode:	Object Mode
Panel:	Tool Shelf ‣ Tools ‣ Edit ‣ Delete
Menu:	Object ‣ Delete
Hotkey:	X
The selected objects are deleted from the scene.

Delete Globally Shift-X
This checkbox in the Operator panel will cause the objects to be deleted from all the scenes where they are linked.
Show/Hide
Reference

Mode:	All Modes
Menu:	Object ‣ Show/Hide
Show Hidden Alt-H
Reveals all hidden objects.
Hide Selected H
Hides all selected objects.
Hide Unselected Shift-H
Hides all unselected objects of the scene. The Unselected checkbox in the Set Restrict View/Hide Selected Operator panel will be checked.
Convert To
Curve from Mesh/Text
Reference

Mode:	Object Mode
Menu:	Object ‣ Convert to ‣ Curve from Mesh/Text
Hotkey:	Alt-C
Mesh objects and text objects can be converted into curve objects. In mesh objects, only edges belonging to no faces will be taken into account. The resulting curve will be a Poly curve type, but can be converted to have smooth segments as described in Set Spline Type.

Mesh from Curve/Metaball/Surface/Text
Reference

Mode:	Object Mode
Menu:	Object ‣ Convert to ‣ Mesh from Curve/Metaball/Surface/Text
Hotkey:	Alt-C
Converts the selected curve, metaball, surface and text objects to mesh objects. The actual defined resolution of these objects will be taken into account for the conversion. Note that it also keeps the faces and volumes created by closed and extruded curves.

Options
Keep Original
Duplicates the original object before converting it.








Join(合并)

    Reference
        Mode:	Object Mode
        Panel:	Tool Shelf ‣ Tools ‣ Edit ‣ Join
        Menu:	Object ‣ Join
        Hotkey:	Ctrl-J


    3d viewport-->object mode-->object--->join(ctrl+j)


    加入将所有选定物体合并到最后一个选定的Active物体中。
    Join merges all selected objects into the last selected Active object. 

    所有物体数据都链接到激活的物体上（激活物体必须选择）。
    All object data is linked to the active object (which must be selected). 

    所有物体必须具有相同的类型：网格，曲线，表面或支架。
    All objects must be of the same type: mesh, curve, surface or armature. 

    如果连接了几条曲线，则每条曲线将保持其子类型（NURBS或Bezier）。
    If several curves are joined, each one will keep its subtype (NURBS or Bézier).


    Note
        Object data has many attributes which may be handled when joining.
        物体数据有许多属性可以在加入时处理。

        Materials, vertex groups, UV and Vertex layers will be merged.
        材料，顶点组，UV和顶点图层将被合并。

        Modifiers, constraints, groups and parent relationships are ignored when joining 
        and will not be applied to the active object.
        修改器，约束，组和父关系在加入时将被忽略，不会应用于活动对象。

    
    使用场景:
        对物体进行编辑的时候，默认只能编辑一个，如果想同时对多个物体编辑，则有3中方法:
        1.物体模式下，选中多个对象，然后进入编辑模式(编辑完成之后，返回物理模式，多个物体还是独自的多个物体)
        
        2.选中一个物体后，进入编辑模式，此时默认只能编辑这个物体，此时可以在编辑模式下，添加新物体，
        则新添加的物体，可以和原来的物体一起被编辑(此时新添加的物体和原来的物体被join到了一起)

        3.在物体模式下，选中多个物体，然后把多个物体合成一个物体(ctrl+j)，然后选中这个物体，进入编辑模式
        

    合并的物体如果相分离，需要在编辑模式下，摁p键，弹出分离对话框，选择对应的分离模式，进行分离
    (如果选中了对应的点/线/面,则可以分别对点/线/面进行分离，如果选择了某一个物体，则可以把这个物体从合并的对象分离出去)
    编辑模式->mesh->separate(快捷键p)

    
